I'm very psyched about this because
friends, it's time to see
what you've brought into the capsule.
It's data time, isn't it?
17 people have brought sunglasses.
Good idea, we don't know what that bad boy
up there will be doing,
so it's good to protect our eyes.
Headphones.
Some of us have them, right?
But it's always good to have extra.
10 people have brought tracksuits.
I totally understand - comfort is a must.
6 handfuls of hallucinogenic mushrooms.
Yeah... I get it, right?
We're traveling on different levels,
seeking visions there.
But at the same time, let's be very cautious,
addictions hold us back as humans.
They keep us from being creators.
So let's use mushrooms very responsibly.
A collection of scientific articles - beautiful, right?
We have to lay the foundation somewhere.
But now, one more concerning thing.
12 revolvers...
Friends, I understand, self-defense, etc.
But a revolver is a strong symbol of violence.
Are we building a future
where we don't need such nonsense?